PROFILE
Dynamic and detail-oriented BCA graduate with a strong
foundation in computer applications, software development,
and information technology. Proficient in various database
management, web technologies, and programming
languages. Excellent problem-solving skills with a proven
track record of delivering projects on time. Eager to apply
academic knowledge and practical experience to contribute
to the success of a forward-thinking organization.
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
Malayalam
TECHNICAL SKILLSSKILLS
Fast Learner
Problem-Solving
Critical Thinking
Effective Communication
Collaboration and Teamwork
AdaptabilityASHFAQ K S
WORKSHOPS
Internet of Things: From
Concept to Creation
Organized by Mar Athanasius
College of Engineering, in
association with Ernst & YoungCONTACT
9895544986
ashfaqshafeek@gmail.com
Ernakulam, Kerala, 683565, India
www.linkedin.com/in/ashfaq-ks-
8b1372315
https://github.com/AshfaqKs
https://www.hackerrank.com/profi
le/ashfaqshafeek
EDUCATION
Rajagiri College of Management and Applied Science
Kakkanad (2021 - 2024) - MG UniversityBachelor of Computer Applications (CCPA - 8.13)Master of Computer Applications 
Mar Athanasius College of Engineering
Kothamangalam (2024 - 2026 ) - APJ Abdul Kalam
Technological University  
St. Mary's Higher Secondary School Morakkala (2019 -
2021) - Kerala State Education Board12 Standard (85.4%)th
Darussalam Public School Pallikkara (2019) - Central
Board of Secondary Education10 Standard (86.6%)th
Programming Languages: Java, Python, C, C++ 
Web Development: HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Django,
React.js, Node.js
Databases: MySQL, SQLite
Microsoft Tools : MS Word, MS PowerPointACADEMIC PROJECTS
MediCare – Web Application
Technologies Used: Django, SQLite, VS Code, GitHub
MediCare is a web-based e-commerce platform designed to facilitate the seamless purchase of
medicines and healthcare products. The application provides users with an intuitive interface to
browse, search, and order a wide range of pharmaceutical products, including medicines, wellness
items, and beauty products. Built using Django as the backend framework and SQLite as the
database, MediCare ensures secure transactions and efficient data management. The project was
developed using VS Code and is now stored in a GitHub repository for version control and
accessibility.
PUBLICATIONS
Detection Of Depression from Textual Data in Social Media Using Machine
Learning
Presented at the National Conference on Big Data Analysis for Computational Social Science,
MES College Marampally, Kerala, India, November 5-6, 2024.
CERTIFICATIONS
Unity Associate VR Developer
Scopik Edutech Pvt Ltd (2024)
Blockchain and its Applications
NPTEL (April, 2025)